Oh Benny
Sebastian holy cow no way
you know I always thought you guys would
be like a big-time kingpins by now come
on guys are a small-time drug addicts
anymore be honest we're landscape
designers
I'm not collapsing it causes me to lose
me lastly success is right around the
corner there's no way we lazy how to be
rap with no or Drano which surprisingly
I actually like sometimes more chances
they are a liability I am done being the
nice guy are you really or is this still
a bad weed it's my guess it's the weed
and all the other crap you've been doing
this isn't the life you were meant to
live
we're pioneers what drugs just our own
judgment Sheriff
it turns out you little a news out and
they're rich too
there has to be websites I'm here in
Hana make drugs
I don't know it doesn't sound like a
good idea if it's on the internet it has
to be seen listen for word out is it bad
idea something bad is about to happen
this shit is great
brand sell some of the athletes they
probably know a test for the shit in the
Olympics
we're not zombies a swear